[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: If we look at exercise
ten, simply all that I'm saying with
exercise ten is, I gave you the code
from one of the implementations
is actually the.
>> Kyle Simpson: I gave you
the code from the, which implementation?
The asynquence flavored
implementation from the repo.
So I've given you that code already,
it's set up in this repo and
what this is asking you to do is first,
to study the similarities and differences
between these five implementations.
Shouldn't take you that much time to open
up because there's only two files that you
should care about the ui.js and the
feeds.js, each of those implementations.
So open up ui.js in those two, and
look side by side look at
some of the differences.
Study those differences just not deeply,
but
just to get a rough sense
of how things are going.
And then look at the ui and
feeds js that's presented in this repo
that is in the exercise 10 folder.
Which is the asynchronous flavored one.
Now your task for the exercise,
should you choose to tackle it.
Pick either one of reactive sequences or
CSP, whichever one you like more
from what we just talked about.
I don't care.
Pick either one of those two and try to
turn the asequence flavored one that I've
provided you into that abstraction.
So try to take it and make it into
the observable reactive sequences one or
try to make it into the CSP one,
whichever one you'd like.
This is super challenging.
I'll tell you that each
of those implementations,
when I wrote them the first time,
took me days and days.
So I'm not expecting you to get all the
way there to a full complete thing, but
you also can cheat cuz I've provided
you the fixed versions on the repo, so
if you need some hints.
But really the point here is to
just spend the next few minutes,
we'll probably break for 15 minutes or so.
Take the next 15 minutes and
try to study these differences,
try your hand at making some changes
to it that would be more reactive.
And get a sense of what it's like to
do what we've practiced all along in
this workshop, but doing so in the context
of a much more sophisticated app
than our simple little promises demo.